Joey,

I know you cannot read this, but I write anyway. It is the only way I know how to talk to you anymore.

The boy is home. Our Frank is home. And he brought her with him. Her name is Lucia, and she is everything he said she would be and more. She has a way about her, a quiet strength, that makes me believe everything he told me about what happened over there.

I have been watching them. Frank and Lucia. The way they move around each other, the way he looks at her, the way she reaches for his hand without thinking. It is like watching someone find a piece of themselves they did not know was missing.

The store is better now. Not just because Frank is back, but because we won something together. The Greek is gone. The police case is closed. And every day, more customers come back. Old Mrs. Belasco, Mr. Caruso, the others. They know we held the line.

Lucia is living with us now. The apartment is small, but she does not seem to mind. She spends her days at the store, learning the work, and her evenings at the table with us. She asks about you, Pop. I told her about you. About the man you were, the store you built, the father you would have been.

Frank is getting better. His leg is improving, though he will always have the limp. He does not seem to mind. He says it is a small price to pay for coming home.

Here is what I have to tell you, Pop. Frank and Lucia are leaving. They have decided to go back. There is work to do in Italy, places that need rebuilding, people who need help. They want to be part of it. They want to make something of what was broken.

I am not ready to let him go again. But I have to be. He has his life, his Lucia, his future. And they are asking me to let them go back.

I am staying. I say I have too much here to leave, and maybe I am right. The store is mine now, really mine. I run it better than either of us ever did. Ma is proud of me. I can see it in her eyes.

I do not know when they will leave. Soon, I think. There is a ship in a few weeks, if the weather holds.

Write to me if you can, Pop. Tell me it is going to be all right.

Your loving brother,
Joey