Dearest Ma,
I thought the scare with Sal would be enough to snap me out of it. I was wrong. The mind does what it wants, and mine wants her, and it is getting worse with each passing day. The image of her, the sound of her voice, it is all I can think about, and it is pulling me away from the things I should be focused on.

Two days after Sal got hit, we were in a firefight near a broken village. Everything was chaos, and in chaos you do what you have trained to do. You move, you take cover, you return fire. You do not think about anything except the next second. You do not let your mind wander to places it should not go. But I hesitated. Just for a moment, just long enough to check a shadow that looked like it might be movement, just long enough to wonder if it was her. That hesitation nearly cost Petey his life.

A German got a clean shot off because I was not where I should have been. The bullet caught his arm. He went down hard, the sound of him hitting the ground is something I will never forget, the way his face looked when he hit. Not dead — he is too stubborn to die easily — but bad enough that they had to evacuate him back to the field hospital. He will live, but I do not know when I will see him again. The way he looked at me before they took him, it was not anger. It was something worse. It was disappointment in me, in the man he thought he knew. He looked at me like he did not recognize the man standing next to him.

Russo was furious. Not at the Germans. At me. He grabbed me by the collar and said things I will not repeat, things that needed saying. His face was red, his hands were shaking, and he told me I was going to get us all killed, that I was thinking with something other than my head, that whatever I was chasing was not worth losing the few men we have left. His voice cracked when he said it, like he was trying not to cry. His eyes were wet, and that was the worst part, seeing Russo cry.

He was right. I knew it then and I know it now. Whatever is happening between me and Lucia, it is not worth my friends' lives. It is not worth their blood. They trusted me, and I failed them.

I have not been back to the grove since that village. I have not let myself think about it. Every time the thought starts to pull, I pull back harder. I focus on the ground in front of me, on the next step, on the next order. I try to be the soldier they need. I really do try. Every single day, I wake up and I make a decision to be here, fully here. And every single day, it gets harder than the last.

But the dreams are getting worse. I dream about the tunnels. I dream about her voice, the way it sounded when she first spoke to me, the way she said my name like it was a secret. I dream about the marks on the stones, and the book, and what might be underneath all of this. And I dream about the war ending, about coming home, about walking through the store door and feeling normal again. In the dreams, you are in the kitchen, and Joey is behind the counter, and everything is exactly the way it was before everything went wrong.

Sal is going to be okay. He lost a lot of blood but they got him back in time. He will have a scar, and he will complain about it for the rest of his life. That is just who he is. When he gets going, he will tell the story like it was a great adventure, like the bullet was nothing, like he was never scared at all. He will make everyone laugh about it. That is how he handles things.

Russo has not forgiven me yet. He is not the type to hold a grudge, but this is different. He is scared, and fear makes men angry. He has been keeping distance from me, like he is afraid I will drag him into my mistakes. I do not blame him. I would keep my distance too. I do not know how to fix what is broken between us. I do not know if it can be fixed.

I got another letter from Joey last week. He did not say much — just that the store is busy. But I could tell he was not telling me everything. That is how Joey is. He does not want to worry us.

I keep your rosary close. Every night, I hold it and I think about what you would say if you could see me now. I think you would tell me the same thing Joey tells me when things get hard: "Get your head right, or get out of the way." I am trying to get my head right. I really am. I am trying harder than I have ever tried at anything. I am trying for you. For Joey. For Sal and Petey and even for Russo, who will not look at me.

Do not worry about me more than you have to. I am being more careful now. I am watching more and thinking less. I have to be. For Sal. For Petey. For Russo. For you. For Joey. For everyone who is counting on me to come home in one piece.

Your loving son,
Frank